So I think what we're gonna do here is I
want you all because again, this is it's
important for I think, for people to get
their hands sort of, into like the code.
So what we're gonna do is inside of
your code repo, right, the production.
Sorry, the production rate view repo,
I want you to go ahead and
try to replicate this.
Go through the effort of basically
configuring your own counter.
And then to enhance that,
go ahead and have a text input
that's going to customize how
much like it should increment by.
And then add like a decrement function and
then practice doing that just with the
composition API just to see how it feels.
And then I'll go ahead and
do those enhancements here in about,
let's say ten minutes, I would say for
this exercise, so, see what you can do to
get started because there's not very much
boilerplate, but the intention here is for
you to really get in there and try to
basically look up the docs and see how it
feels and then that way, we'll talk about
questions regarding this afterwards